Add idiom on resource-manager api (#2996)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/idioms/resource-manager.md

# Managing temporary resources

> Sometimes you have workloads that depend on temporary that need to be setup,

Reviewer: temporary -- ?

encapsulating the setup and cleanup tasks for resources. The most common way
to define a `ResourceManager` is using the `resource_manager` decorator. This
decorator wraps a class with the following methods:

- `__init__`:  Initializes the resource manager with whatever arguments are needed.
- `setup`: Creates the resource. Takes no arguments, and may optionally
  return a value that can be used by downstream tasks.
- `cleanup`: Cleans up the resource. Takes the result of `setup` as an argument.

```python
from prefect import resource_manager

@resource_manager
class MyResource:
    def __init__(self, ...):
        """Initialize the resource manager.

        This should store any values required by the setup and cleanup steps.
        """
        ...

    def setup(self):
        """Setup the resource.

        The result of this method can be used in downstream tasks.
        """
        ...

    def cleanup(self, resource):
        """Cleanup the resource.

        This receives the result of `setup`, and is always called if `setup`
        succeeds, even if other upstream tasks failed.
        """
        ...
```

> The resulting `ResourceManager` can then be used in a `Flow` as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting `ResourceManager` can then be used when building a `Flow` as a
```

class DaskCluster:
    """Create a temporary dask cluster.

    Args:
        - n_workers (int, optional): The number of workers to start.
    """
    def __init__(self, n_workers=None):
        self.n_workers = n_workers

    def setup(self):
        """Create a temporary dask cluster, returning the `Client`"""
        return Client(n_workers=self.n_workers)

    def cleanup(self, client):
        """Shutdown the temporary dask cluster"""
        client.close()

class LoadData(Task):
    """Load some data"""
    def run(self):
        return dask.datasets.timeseries()

class Summarize(Task):
    """Compute a summary on the data"""
    def run(self, df, client):
        return df.describe().compute()

class WriteCSV(Task):
    """Write the summary to disk as a csv"""
    def run(self, df, path):
        return df.to_csv(path, index_label="index")

flow = Flow("dask-example")
n_workers = Parameter("n_workers", default=None)
out_path = Parameter("out_path", default="summary.csv")

with DaskCluster(n_workers=n_workers, flow=flow) as client:
    # These tasks rely on a dask cluster to run, so we create them inside
    # the `DaskCluster` resource manager
    df = LoadData()

>     summary = Summarize().bind(df, client, flow=flow)

Reviewer: Interesting, for some reason I've never considered `bind` a part of the imperative API but it makes sense!
